hmm
you see i just shot a imac review a very
technical review
for the past 16 minutes and just as i
got to the end of that video i said
something that made my brain pop
and i thought that's that's not the
review i want to do that's
not the message i want to convey
so i'm contemplating reshooting this
entire thing you know what let's just do
it
let's just do it i brought all this
stuff out and i was trying to explain
some stuff but
these will all these will all work right
yeah
yeah i can talk about this okay let's
talk about this
from the beginning uh
okay because of the current climate of
coronavirus and the world being
you know all about isolation and stuff
right now
the way that press briefings are done
with tech is a little bit different
usually
you know there's events and stuff like
that but right now there are no events
companies are sending out products and
they do these
online press briefings usually companies
are awful at them they're super boring
and everyone falls asleep but apple
because they're apple they do things a
little bit differently and when they
sent this device over last week uh the
press briefing that came along with it
was a little bit different it was an
hour long
i'm not sure if i'm even permitted to
talk about this stuff but let's just
roll with this
for that hour long briefing the first 10
15 minutes they talked about the product
what's new what's changed
and it was interesting for what it's
worth but then the rest of that hour
was really interesting they brought on
these creators
these people that had used a 27-inch
imac or imax of sorts
to create stuff some were musicians
some were coders like developers some
were
video makers and it was
it was really moving for me like i i
remember
last week right after the event i felt
like it felt it awoke something in me
because it had reminded me of why i
started creating it had reminded me of
how i felt when i first started making
anything creative in my life
and you know what let's just
let's get into it story time seven or
eight years ago i had this really weird
idea to make
a game a 2d game and i wanted to make a
game
put it on the apple store and sell it
and make money that was this
stupid idea of mine i had this game in
my brain that i thought would look
really cool when it came out the idea
was that you would have these creatures
that you would inject with a touch-based
syringe and you would inject them and
they would burst or sometimes they would
do different things and i thought the
idea was so cool
i knew nothing about coding at the time
right i needed a mac i didn't own
any apple hardware back then i used
windows stuff in it but i needed
a macbook or some kind of mac device to
be able to code in xcode so i could
make the game and then upload it to
apple servers i picked up this
machine it was a used 2011 macbook air
and i still have and i keep it around
because it's like this
memento of you know it's it's a reminder
of
of creation of dave don't take your job
so seriously
you can make things that's what i did
with this thing i made a game was called
inject
it took me two years every day i'd go to
work come back from work and i'd work on
it until really late at night
and two years and a bit later i
published the game
on the app store it did horribly it was
a two dollar game and sold like
2 000 copies for two years of work it
was not a financially
great endeavor however
it felt awesome i had made something
and shared it with the world and it felt
so cool like the game itself was trash
i'm not gonna lie but
it felt really nice to make something
and then
i felt like i was bit by this bug by
this creative bug because like a year
later
i had this weird idea to start a youtube
channel this was at the end of 2014
and i remember asking one of my friends
at the time he was 14 at the time
his name was dylan i said hey dylan i'm
thinking of starting a youtube channel
but i'm
i'm scared i'm scared of what people
might think i'm scared of what people
might
think of me what if a friend of mine or
a relative of mine sees my video and
thinks it's
stupid i'm talking about these nerdy
technical tech things and his answer to
me
was like why do you care why do you care
what other people
think if you want to make something just
make it
just do it because you're going to
that's why you want to do it
and i thought to myself wow this 14 year
old kid just
schooled me he just taught me something
really valuable and i feel like
his response is seared in my brain if
you want to make something
just do it because you want to make it
so i bought a used 15-inch macbook pro
and i bought a camera from a friend
and i learned how to use that camera and
learn how to edit videos and i started
my channel
now why am i talking about this stuff
why am i telling these dumb stories that
have nothing to do with imax
nothing to do with anything that's on
the table here let me tell you why
one of the main questions people have
right now when it comes to purchasing
this new 2020 imac is do you buy one now
or do you wait for the upcoming refresh
of it
because this is aesthetically dated
hardware
it's not new right we've seen these
thick bezels for years we've seen this
exact same design for
many years and as hardware enthusiasts
this stuff
is not super interesting right this
stuff is supposed to be coming up very
soon
apple's new apple silicon this is the
developer's kit
it's going to have apple silicon inside
an
imac type device soon maybe the end of
this year
maybe next year and the question is do
you get it now do you buy this thing now
with this
intel old hardware or do you get this
or sorry do you wait for this to go into
here
and the video i shot just previously 20
minutes ago
i was trying to look at this objectively
because there's a lot of moving parts
right it's like how do you
how do you disseminate the information
so that you guys can make a good
purchase decision of whether or not you
should buy this thing now
and here's the thing
it seemed like a difficult question 20
minutes ago
but then i realized it's actually a
really simple answer
a really simple answer if you want to
make something
if you want to do something this is just
a tool
it's just a tool if i'd waited
for the next imac when i picked up the
first piece of hardware to
make my game or to start my youtube
channel who knows maybe you never would
have
done any of this stuff but if you want
to make something
you just do it obviously you want to buy
you know a 13 or 1400
imac but if you need a tool because you
want to create something or you need to
create something
don't wait for the next best thing just
pick up the tool that's available today
and use it to make stuff starting today
that's the message i'm trying to say
because if i'd waited for like the next
piece of hardware
who knows i'm who i may never never even
started my youtube channel
um i'll give you the two minute review
of this device though it gets up to 10
cores
there's a few things i want to talk
about uh the performance is good
it's as you would expect it's not going
to be as cost effective as a windows pc
but it's got 10 cores and a decent gpu
it pushes out good performance there's
four or five things that i think you
should be aware of in case you were
interested in actually picking something
like this up number one i guess sound
profile so
imacs have always had a very quiet
audio signature it's not new to this
imac it's something they've always had
but it's something that's very difficult
and expensive to duplicate with a
windows machine right
this is very quiet so if you value that
stuff
imax deliver that number two there's a
nano coding option this year
that reduces glare it's cool tech and if
you're in an environment where you're
constantly
looking at reflections on your screen
they bother you i would get it but i
think for most people
not just to save the 500 but the image
isn't as nice when you have that coding
on at least to me so i would say
if you can skip it skip it uh number
three still has upgradeable ram which is
awesome
and number four oh
new mics i was gonna record this whole
thing on the mics on here
they've improved significantly like
they're so much better than
basically any all-in-one system out
there but they're not
amazing they don't sound like this kind
of mic so they're good
they've improved they're not the best um
and the webcam the webcam is really good
like it's sharp
1080p with nice facial toning so if that
stuff's important to you
this webcam will probably do the trick
but the rest of the device hasn't really
changed much right it's still that
thicker bezeled 27 inch device that is
quite frankly starting to show its age
but here's the other thing
after that press briefing it was a
really nice one if apple you're watching
this
it was really good but the question that
popped in my mind was like
why why would apple go through so much
energy
and effort on an imac refresh and i
think
the reason why they did that kind of
briefing where they
brought on these creators and they
showcased what you could do with this
stuff
is because they knew that this would be
a difficult product to sell they knew
that this
last intel imac would be a harder sell
because it's just such
dated hardware like aesthetically right
this doesn't look new and i think that's
always been one of the big appeals of
apple's products
they look cool this doesn't look cool
anymore because it's so old
so i think that's why the press briefing
went the way that it did but the reality
is this imac will let you make really
good stuff
right now so don't waste your mind space
worrying about the next one
you just get the tool and get the job
done because you never know
you might land on something that you
love like i did with youtube
[Music]